c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\obj\x86\Debug\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\obj\x86\Debug\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics.g.resources
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\obj\x86\Debug\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\bin\Debug\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics.exe
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\bin\Debug\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics.pdb
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\obj\x86\Debug\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics.exe
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\obj\x86\Debug\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics.pdb
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\obj\x86\Debug\UI\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\obj\x86\Debug\UI\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\obj\x86\Debug\UI\ReadTextFileUC.baml
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\obj\x86\Debug\UI\ReadTextFileUC.g.cs
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\obj\x86\Debug\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\obj\x86\Debug\UI\SelectUsersUC.g.cs
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\obj\x86\Debug\UI\SelectUsersUC.baml
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\obj\x86\Debug\UI\TestUC.g.cs
c:\users\phil\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\RecommenderAttacksAnalytics\obj\x86\Debug\UI\TestUC.baml
